Update manual upgrade page with better order of operations (#251)
k3s-io/docs: docs/upgrades/manual.md

If you want your configuration to be independent from the install script, you should use a configuration file instead of passing environment variables or arguments to the install script.
:::

Running the install script will:

1. Download the new k3s binary

> 2. Stop the existing k3s service
> 3. Start the new k3s service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Update the systemd unit or openrc init script to reflect the args passed to the install script
3. Restart the k3s service
```
